Summary of Attack Type and Techniques
Cyber Criminals and Red team professionals utilize several attack types and techniques to execute a Man In the Middle Attack. Many attack vectors will utilize a combination of attack types and attack techniques. For example, we utilized ARP Spoofing, DNS Spoofing, and packet sniffing in our simulated Man in the Middle attack. Below are common attack types and techniques that are used in a Man in the Middle attack.

ATTACK TYPES
Rogue Access Point- Attackers set up a fake access point to trick nearby machines into joining the wireless access point. The main concept for this attack is proximity.
ARP Spoofing - The attacker uses Address Resolution Protocol to resolve their IP address to a physical MAC address of a host within the LAN that the victim is communicating with. By doing this, the attacker can capture the traffic between the Victim and the targeted host.
mDNS Spoofing- This attack type is primarily used against home devices like Printers, TVs, and other smart devices connected to the home network. Home devices will use mDNS (Multicast Domain Name Service) to make name resolution on a Local network more simple. When an application needs the IP address of a home device, the attacker can easily provide a different IP address and the victim will see that IP address as a trusted address.
DNS Spoofing - The attacker will use DNS to resolve a fake domain to their IP address. The fake domain imitates a legitimate web page and will resolve the spoofed domain to the attacker's IP address. Once the victim attempts to access the legitimate domain, they will be redirected to the attacker's spoofed website and the attacker will be able to intercept any information that the victim enters (passwords, pin numbers, etc). This attack type is often used in conjunction with ARP spoofing because an attacker that already spoofed an IP address will have an easier time of spoofing a DNS domain 

ATTACK TECHNIQUES
Sniffing- Packet sniffers or packet inspection tools like Wireshark allow the attacker to access packets sent from the Victim. They can also be utilized as a tool to confirm that the attacker is successfully intercepting packets 
Packet Injection- Attackers will use packet sniffing to inject malicious packets into a legitimate communication stream at a strategic point in time
Session Hijacking- Attackers will not need to spoof anything if they are able to Hijack session tokens from the victim. They will obtain session tokens by sniffing sensitive traffic from the victim. Once acquired, they will use the temporary session tokens to make requests as the user.
SSL Stripping - An advanced technique used by attackers when HTTPS is used. Most users will use HTTPS instead of HTTP in order to encrypt traffic and prevent attacks that utilize DNS or ARP spoofing. The attacker will downgrade the HTTPS traffic to HTTP to force the victim to make unencrypted requests to the server. Once completed, sensitive information can be accessed in plain text.
