How To Detect and Prevent A Man in the Middle Attack
Once attack types and techniques are understood, Blue team professionals can better understand how to prevent Man in the Middle Attacks by deploying several defense mechanisms and preventative techniques.Detection will depend on consistent and persistent searches to ensure that the communication is not being intercepted. However, it is more important to proactively prevent MITM attacks before they occur. Below are recommended preventative techniques:

Virtual Private Networks (VPNs)- VPNs encrypt communication to create a secure network. If an attacker compromises the network, the attacker will not be able to interpret the encrypted traffic. VPNs become more important when the staff works remotely. Although not recommended, an employee that connects to public WIFI will be more protected if they connect via a VPN.
HTTPS- Users should only access websites over HTTPS and not the insecure HTTP alternative. HTTPS adds additional SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protection. There are several browser plugins that will only allow requests to be made over HTTPS. 
RSA- by using Public Key Pair based authentication, attackers will not be able to spoof IP addresses or domains. RSA ensures secure communication and the user can be confident that they are communicating with the the things they want to be communicating with.
Endpoint Security- Strong Endpoint security can aid in protection from MITM attacks. There are several available solutions for Security Software that will protect Endpoints. One web article (https://www.fool.com/the-blueprint/mitm/) recommends using Kaspersky EndPoint Security. This solution will check potentially dangerous emails and websites to help users avoid MITM and other cyber attacks.
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)- If credentials are exposed to a MITM attacker, they will not be able to access the user's account if it uses MFA. By requiring MFA, websites need multiple ways for identification in case the user’s credentials are compromised.
Education of staff members has become an important defense mechanism against MITM and other cyber attacks. Companies should educate their employees on the best practices listed above. Education of any kind requires repeated re-enforcement and cyber security education should be no exception. Routinely educating employees allows them to build safe online habits to avoid the consequences of cyberattacks. 
